Initial AWS Lambda documentation (#13245)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/lambda/registration/overview.mdx

---
layout: docs

> page_title: Registration - AWS Lambda
> description: >-
>   Registering AWS Lambdas into Consul Service Mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Register Lambda Functions
description: >-
  This topic describes how to register AWS Lambda functions with Consul service mesh.
```
